.TH RO-CONTROL 1 "March 2026" "ro-control 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ro-control \- NVIDIA driver management and diagnostics CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ro-control
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ro-control
provides a desktop application and a command-line interface for inspecting
system status, collecting diagnostics, and managing NVIDIA driver operations.
When no command is provided, the graphical interface is launched.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B help
Print usage information.
.TP
.B version
Print the application version.
.TP
.B status
Print a concise system and driver status summary.
.TP
.B diagnostics
Print a full diagnostics snapshot.
.TP
.BI "driver install " [ "--proprietary" " | " "--open-source" ] " [--accept-license]"
Install the NVIDIA driver stack. The proprietary path is the default.
.TP
.B driver remove
Remove installed NVIDIA packages.
.TP
.B driver update
Update the installed NVIDIA driver.
.TP
.B driver deep-clean
Remove legacy NVIDIA leftovers.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help text and exit.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show the application version and exit.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-diagnostics
Legacy alias for
.BR diagnostics .
.TP
.B \-\-json
Render
.BR status
or
.BR diagnostics
output as JSON.
.TP
.B \-\-proprietary
Use the proprietary NVIDIA driver install path.
.TP
.B \-\-open-source
Use the NVIDIA open kernel module install path.
.TP
.B \-\-accept-license
Confirm that the NVIDIA license has been reviewed for the proprietary install path.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Command completed successfully.
.TP
.B 1
The requested driver management operation failed.
.TP
.B 2
Invalid command line usage or unsupported option combination.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B ro-control status
Print a concise text summary.
.TP
.B ro-control diagnostics --json
Emit a machine-readable diagnostics snapshot.
.TP
.B ro-control driver install --proprietary --accept-license
Install the proprietary driver stack with explicit license confirmation.
.TP
.B ro-control driver update
Update the installed NVIDIA driver.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/bin/ro-control
Installed CLI entry point.
.TP
.I /usr/share/man/man1/ro-control.1.gz
Manual page.
.TP
.I /usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ro-control
Bash completion definition.
.TP
.I /usr/share/zsh/site-functions/_ro-control
Zsh completion definition.
.TP
.I /usr/share/fish/vendor_completions.d/ro-control.fish
Fish completion definition.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pkexec (1),
.BR dnf (8)
